RHDHBUGS-2841 - How to setup dynamic-plugins-npmrc for Operator based installations (#2494)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-install-dynamic-plugins-in-an-air-gapped-environment-by-using-the-operator.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
To install external dynamic plugins in an air-gapped environment, configure a custom NPM registry by mounting a secret into the {product-short} Operator.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For Operator-based installations, you must explicitly configure the secret in the `spec.application.extraFiles.secrets` field of your

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for the note

```suggestion
When you install {product-short} by using the Operator, you must configure the secret in the `spec.application.extraFiles.secrets` field of  your {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource. Helm chart installations detect the secret automatically when you follow a specific naming convention, but Operator installations require you to reference the secret in the custom resource manually, regardless of the name you choose.
```
